so what's special about the University
of Washington Bothell MBA program is
that it is proactively reaching out to
business to to learn what is changing
both in the fields of process and
technology and why that is important is
that if you set curriculum within a year
to three years so much new information
and new things become are brought to
market and one of the things that
graduates of the University of
Washington Bothell MPA program will have
great confidence in is knowing what's
available what are the tools what are
the processes what are the methodologies
that will make me relevant in a very
modern way I was pleasantly surprised
that within six months of my graduation
I was recognized with the promotion and
since then I've gotten two more
promotions beyond that and now i'm a
senior HR generalist focusing on our
field environment which is of course the
largest group in Eddie Bauer there's
some faculty and how they made
themselves really approachable and
available the class was very small it's
it's 40 people the professor's knew each
of us by name they knew what we could
bring what we brought to the class and
what we could offer and they would
adjust their message in such a way that
everybody got it the professor's were
able to tune in and then adjust their
message according to the audience which
was really great it made very personal
there's a there's so much personal
interaction in the class the professor's
know the students names by the third
class and it's that that small cohort
that allows them that that luxury that
it's so carefully tailored to the
clients that it's serving so it's an
east side location it's very convenient
to get to the faculty are really
world-class that you couldn't ask for
better and your cohort is amazing before
I went into the mba program I think like
a lot of people I was successful in the
sense that I was making a decent living
working either in the public or the
private sector I was in the private
sector but I didn't feel challenged and
I was afraid to take those leaps and
the MBA program allowed me to have the
courage even before I finished it to
take bigger risks with myself and with
my career the program definitely
exceeded my expectations with the
results in terms of what I was able to
do with my career after I finished it
wasn't more than two months after I
graduated before I had a number of great
job offers on the table and I was very
excited about moving on at that point in
my career and it worked out perfectly